Perhaps one of the coolest things about working with derived classes in javascript is that you can derive
a class from any kind of expression.
The only thing is whenever you derive from any kind of expression it has to evaluate to a function with
a builtin constructor method.
So for example what.
Oh and also it has to have a prototype.
So for example let's say I do a function here and we'll call it rectangle.
And we're going to do the good old fashioned custom type syntax so will do length in a whit inside of
here we'll set this length equal to the length like so and then we'll do this with and set it equal
to the with business as usual.
Right.
And then on the prototype we're going to add methods so we'll do.
Area.
Now we're just going to set that equal to a function and inside of here we're just going to return this
with times this length like so.
And now what I can do is I can actually extend this expression right here so I can do let's say class
square extends rectangle like so and then inside of here I might define my own constructor and pass
in a length.
Now remember here that whenever you're using your constructor inside of a derived class you need to
call super So that way you're still invoking the constructor function of your parents.
So in this case I'll just pass on length twice Lang like so and then after that I can come down here
and we'll just instantiate it and make a new square and all we're going to do is pass in four whoops
like so and then we can open up our con..
Open that up and last but not least we will cancel the log.
The square like so then it will reload.
Take a second.
And there you go.
As you can see we did make a perfectly new object right here an instance of this class.
And the reason I could extend this constructor function right here is because it evaluates to a function
with a built in construct method and a prototype which is the requirement for extending any kind of
expression.